README.md, before:

# VI Runners Bristol

Overview
Welcome to the official website of VI Runners Bristol, a community group for visually impaired runners from Bristol, UK. 
This website serves as an informative platform for existing and prospective members to learn more about our activities, benefits of running, and how to join us.

The idea is for the site to be accessible for visually impaired users, the background color used was white (#FFFFFF) and the font color was black (#000000) for the main content.
For the tile and heading used blue (#0000FF). This provides a high contrast ratio of 21:1, provided by [WebAIM](https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/?fcolor=0000FF&bcolor=FFFFFF)

  <img width="708" alt="site preview" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/73c1b2a9-7f10-4d5a-a15a-6f16eed558b8">


Website Link
Visit the [VI Runners Bristol Website](https://carlos-n21.github.io/p1-vi-runners/)

Facebook Group
This website website is based on our active Facebook group: [VI Runners Bristol Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1890506954520150/)

Development Details
Coded with: Copilot AI assistance and Bootstrap framework.

Initial Layout: Created using Balsamiq wireframes.

readme-files/VI Runners Mobile Frame.png

readme-files/VI Runners Tablet Frame.png

readme-files/VI Runners Laptop Frame.png

Fonts Used: Roboto, Oswald, sans-serif.

Design: High contrast ratio with a white background and black text, complemented by blue titles and headings for readability and visual appeal.

Content Source
The content on this site has been sourced from our Facebook page, as we are currently unable to generate realistic images using AI.

Pages Overview
1. Home
Welcome Message: Brief introduction to VI Runners Bristol.

Running Benefits: Short list of overall physical and mental health benefits of running.

This 

2. About
Group Information: Comprehensive details about our community, meeting schedules, all abilities and experience levels welcomed.

General benefits of running.

3. Gallery
Images: A collection of images showcasing our group activities, from runs to social gatherings.

4. Location
Meeting Points: Information on where we meet, including embedded Google Maps for easy navigation.

5. Contact
Contact Form: A simple form to get in touch with us for more information or to join the group.

Each page has a Facebook link on the footer for the Group Page, offering the user the possiblity to get further information and a way to communicate with the group and its members. This a group open to the public.

Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community. Feel free to fork the repository and submit pull requests.

License
No licensing at the moment.

Credits
Website Development: Carlos N.

Copilot AI Assistance: Provided intelligent code suggestions.

Bootstrap: CSS framework for responsive design.

Content: Sourced from the VI Runners Bristol Facebook group.

Commit message:

Update README.md file with links to documents

README.md, after:

# VI Runners Bristol

Overview
Welcome to the official website of VI Runners Bristol, a community group for visually impaired runners from Bristol, UK. 
This website serves as an informative platform for existing and prospective members to learn more about our activities, benefits of running, and how to join us.

The idea is for the site to be accessible for visually impaired users, the background color used was white (#FFFFFF) and the font color was black (#000000) for the main content.
For the tile and heading used blue (#0000FF). This provides a high contrast ratio of 21:1, provided by [WebAIM](https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/?fcolor=0000FF&bcolor=FFFFFF)

  <img width="708" alt="site preview" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/73c1b2a9-7f10-4d5a-a15a-6f16eed558b8">


Website Link
Visit the [VI Runners Bristol Website](https://carlos-n21.github.io/p1-vi-runners/)

Facebook Group
This website website is based on our active Facebook group: [VI Runners Bristol Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1890506954520150/)

Development Details
Coded with: Copilot AI assistance and Bootstrap framework.

Initial Layout: Created using Balsamiq wireframes.

  - [Wireframe File](readme-files/VI-Runners.bmpr)

  - ![VI Runners Mobile Frame](readme-files/VI Runners Mobile Frame.png)
  - ![VI Runners Tablet Frame](readme-files/VI Runners Tablet Frame.png) 
  - ![VI Runners Laptop Frame](readme-files/VI Runners Laptop Frame.png)

Fonts Used: Roboto, Oswald, sans-serif.

Design: High contrast ratio with a white background and black text, complemented by blue titles and headings for readability and visual appeal.

Content Source
The content on this site has been sourced from our Facebook page, as we are currently unable to generate realistic images using AI.

Pages Overview
1. Home
Welcome Message: Brief introduction to VI Runners Bristol.

Running Benefits: Short list of overall physical and mental health benefits of running.

2. About
Group Information: Comprehensive details about our community, meeting schedules, all abilities and experience levels welcomed.

General benefits of running.

3. Gallery
Images: A collection of images showcasing our group activities, from runs to social gatherings.

4. Location
Meeting Points: Information on where we meet, including embedded Google Maps for easy navigation.

5. Contact
Contact Form: A simple form to get in touch with us for more information or to join the group.

Each page has a Facebook link on the footer for the Group Page, offering the user the possiblity to get further information and a way to communicate with the group and its members. This a group open to the public.

Each page performance can be checked with the following PDF files.

  - [Home performance](readme-files/Home performance.pdf) 
  - [Gallery performance](readme-files/Gallery performance.pdf) 
  - [Location performance](readme-files/Location performance.pdf) 
  - [Contact performance](readme-files/Contact performance.pdf)

Contributing
We welcome contributions from members of the Facebook Group mentioned above and the community. 
Feel free to fork the repository and submit pull requests.

License
No licensing at the moment.

Credits
Website Development: Carlos N.

Copilot AI Assistance: Provided intelligent code suggestions.

Bootstrap: CSS framework for responsive design.

Content: Sourced from the VI Runners Bristol Facebook group.
